hey guys welcome to cavity toys TV today
I'm going to be doing an unboxing of
three Angry Bird eggs
check out those birds aren't they
awesome alright here's a number one
let's open it up and see what's inside
alright a quick twist to the secret door
on the ball and let's see what's inside
looks like we got a red angry bird some
candy
I like to call it birdseed candy a
sticker
there's your angry bird sticker some
candy and look at all the birds you can
collect all 12 we've got one so far and
all those stickers
let's check out egg number two a quick
unwrap a quick open and what is inside
looks like we've got some more candy
another sticker of a red bird come on
get out of there and another red bird
two Redbirds in a row and two red bird
stickers I hope we get better luck on
the next one
okay egg number three our last and final
egg for today let's open this one up and
see what's inside
whoa it looks like we have an egg and of
course candy and hopefully a different
sticker another head bird sticker what
are the chances at least we got this egg
and looking to make sure there was
nothing inside it's just an egg besides
your red bird eggs hey guys thanks for
watching Kaiba D toys TV don't forget to
rate comment and subscribe for more
Kaiba decoys TV